today we're going to make Sicilian pizza
dough it's actually from a recipe for my
grandmother
that's from plumber Mille Italy it is a
fantastic pizza dough you're just going
to love it I'm going to use my bread
machine today and my bread machine makes
about one and a half pound loaf
I'm not going to bake it in it of course
I'm just going to use it for the dough
cycle so I'm going to start off with of
course my pan for like bread dough
machine and I'm going to put one and a
half cups of lukewarm water and don't
forget I want you to put one more
tablespoon of water than that so it's
one and a half cups of water plus one
tablespoon of lukewarm water and it's
best to do that it's easy to put it in
your microwave to get it to lukewarm the
next thing that I'm going to do is I'm
going to put in one-and-a-half teaspoons
of white sugar and I'm going to put that
right into the liquid into the lukewarm
water what I've done with that I'm going
to put one and a half teaspoons a
regular table salt next I'm going to
start with my flour now this is the
tricky part what you want to do is you
do want to purchase bread flour it's
going to be for the best raising
properties in it and you're going to
enjoy it a lot more than using regular
so buy bread flour now I know a lot of
people don't like gluten but if you
really want to have the best dough
possible you can purchase at specialty
stores a gluten flour designed for pizza
dough or breads but again bread flour
will work great what you're going to use
is 4 and 1/4 cups of bread flour or your
high gluten flour whatever you prefer
and I'm going to put that into the
machine right now
so again 4 and 1/4 cups of flour of
going into the machine and next we're
going to use 2 tablespoons of olive oil
it's going to be up to you do you want
to use extra virgin or not it really
doesn't matter but again 2 tablespoons
of olive oil and I'm going to put that
on the very corner of the the flour
mixture and lastly I'm going to use two
and 1/2 teaspoons of dry yeast now you
can buy your packages if you do you're
going to need 2 packages but I buy my
yeast in bulk packages so I'm using two
and a half teaspoons of yeast what
you're going to do is just make a small
well or hole in the top of your flour
and that's exactly where I'm going to
place my 2 and 1/2 teaspoons of yeast
and I'm going to put it into my machine
and I'm going to just set it for the
dough cycle and on my particular machine
the dough cycle is an hour and 20
minutes this machine as I just started
it is going to mix it it's going to
blend it it's going to need it it's
going to have its rest period and it's
going to have its rise period try this
recipe I think you're going to love it
you're going to be able to yield a 215
inch pizza dough's on it or you could
get a 12 by 17 square pizza dough out of
it you can make it as thin or as thick
as you want I really hope you enjoy this
Sicilian pizza dough today and if you do
please prescribe to my next subscribe to
my next video that I have out